Implement quite mode for alive web server (#109)
arturictus/sidekiq_alive: README.md

  #
  #    config.server = 'puma'

  # ==> Quiet mode timeout in seconds

>   # When sidekiq is shutting down, all job processing is stopped. This includes alive key update job. In case of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # When sidekiq is shutting down, the process stops pulling jobs to be executed. This includes alive key update job. In case of
```
